---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: aaryan.solanki
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1aOzJdChq5N_Dh2wb2qfyBxgFYoAF6IOID3K9kfBllxM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Third lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning about deciphering and improving the complexity of my database.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make my database larger and more complex and succesfully create a program to decypher my code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes I achieved this successfully.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Trying and trying until I could not think of any other way.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned myself again and again to see if I was doing the work correctly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Focusing on my work and not distracting my peers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back on the lesson and making improvement points for myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Not touching my computer when the teacher was speaking so I could absorb all learning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This time I learnt from my past errors and I did not distract my classmates, instead I believe I focused and stayed on task meeting all deadlines given. The only thing I believe could have gone better was when we were listening to Mr Tansley. I was not focusing as much as I could as I was distracted by other classmates.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to improve my ability to ignore any distractions in lessons, this will aide me by helping me get more work done and understand the work in more depth.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


